Thanks for todays short discussion. As discussed herein please find the list of queries. Please do review & share the slot to discuss further on this

This is re pages, images and video caching set up for the website during the deployment.

1) Pages
  According to our understanding the static pages like landing pages , blogs etc needs to be cached.  More likely SSG-Static Site Generated pages.
   In Taj/Gateway scenario what type of pages are cached? 
   What rules are set up like TTL(Time-to-Live), cache-control etc?
   Is this done incrementally like , went live and after understanding the performance , the pages are cached?
   What's the responsibility of development team in this regard?

2) Static Assets (CSS, JS, Images):
  According to our understanding , if any assets generated(CSS, JS, Images & fonts) by NextJS build which are available at /_next/static/<path>
  can be cached at Akmai edge server.
  What type of static assets cached for Ta/Gateway? 
  What rules are set up? like Cache-Control: public, max-age=<age no>, immutable
  What's the responsibility of development team in this regard?

3) Assets(Mainly Video files) store in Azure Blob storage
   According to our understanding , the videos which are stored in Azure Blob Storage, can be cached at  Akmai edge server.
   What rules to be applied for caching video files? like cache-control max-age:<retension-time)
   Is there are any rules set up for downloading the big file downloading in chunks i.e. partial downloading? like content-range bytes <value>
   Also in Taj homepage banner to download video file a query paramters is passed impolicy=Medium_high , why this used? Is this for caching so we can reuse?

4) Caching assets stored in Sanity CDN(Mainly images) 
    According to our understanding , the images stored in Sanity CDN being cached utilizing sanity caching mechanism.
    That means already Sanity hosted images are served from Sanity CDN cache , so akmai caching is not requied in this scenario.
    Is my unserstanding correct? 
     OR
    Sanity stored images to be cahed again in Akmai edge caching?

5) Any of the GROQ query responses cached at Akmai edge layer OR Sanity itself takes care based on mechanism set up at Sanity system?


ALso please share is there any IHCL reference guide standards for caching statergy followed in IHCL ecosystem
